Super Earth has many holidays, but the most important is October 26th-Liberty Day!
It pays to be a straight shooter—angled fire might glance off your target or even ricochet into your squadmates.
The Super Destroyer can only stay in low orbit for a limited time—watch that mission clock!
Remember to fill in your C-01 permit before any act that could result in a child.
You have a limited amount of reinforcements available in a mission. If you run out they will be replenished slowly on a timer.
If at first you don't succeed. dive, dive again. ... And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again...
There's no one right way to skin a bug. Experiment with different tactics and see what works!
The closer you are to the edge of the map, the steeper the angle of incoming orbital bombardments. Physics!
Armor isn't just for looks—heavier armor makes you more resilient to attacks but slows you down and affects your stamina.
Don't drink and drive.
If you notice a squadmate sympathizing with an enemy, report them to your Democracy Officer. Thoughtcrimes kill!
Weapons like pistols and submachine guns can be used in one hand—perfect for when you need to carry objects in the other hand.
Eagles are fast-response strike craft, with much shorter call-in times than Orbital fire support.
Hellpods nave basic steering capabilities. Try to drop in on your enemies!
Don't Panic.
Kill bugs before they get close. Remember, nothing protects your personal space better than bullets.
See a planet that's on the brink of falling under enemy control? Rally your fellow Helldivers and mount a defense. Every mission counts!
Don't worry—stims have zero addictive properties!* *Study paid for by Permacura. Permacura: put your life in our hands.
Friendly Fire isn't.
Want to show off how firmly you support capitalism? Spend medals in the Warbond!
Most weapons have different fire modes or functions—hold Reload to access them.
Pay attention to these tips. They've been carefully calibrated to ensure your success.
Nine out of ten doctors agree that a wound to the chest will make you bleed out if unattended.
If an enemy ever attempts to engage in diplomacy, SHOOT THEM. We musn't believe their lies.
If a squadmate dies during a mission, make sure you pick up their dropped samples. There will be time for mourning later!
The Galactic is a united effort. Only by working together can we ensure planets don't fall to the enemy.
Low light and poor weather reduce your vision. (But never fear—they also reduce the vision of our enemies)
All Stratagems have their strengths and weaknesses. Choose your Stratagem loadout to best fit the mission and your squad composition.
Each faction presents unique challenges. Mix up your gear and try new tactics!
Don't forget to take breaks! ... That is, if you want to be remembered as a coward.
Practice your daily desensitization exercises to ensure you remain unfazed by enemy atrocities.
Day and night sides of a planet are visible during mission selection, allowing you to choose the mission that's right for you!
Mission difficulty is determined in part by the types of enemy units in the area. Make sure you bring the appropriate weaponry!
When your stamina is depleted, your sprint speed is slower and your accuracy is worse.
Check your Ammo by holding the Reload button.
Don't go it alone-join a squad in order to unleash maximum liberation!
The Automatons are equipped with hyper reactive protocols, making them susceptible to suppressive fire. The more you shoot at them, the less accurate they'll be.
If the enemies just keep coming, find out where they're coming from and unleash hell. Bug hive? Destroy! Bot factory? Destroy!
Don't worry, if you fail an objective, you will NOT be sent to a freedom camp. This is merely a dissident rumor.
On a mission alone and dying to have someone liberating by your side? Use an SOS beacon to call in a fellow Helldiver.
For budgetary reasons, Hellbombs require manual arming. But don't stick around unless you're looking for a spot on the wall of martyrs.
Every citizen is equally important to the war effort, but Helldivers are the most important.
Don't Die!
